util/ directory contents:
-------------------------

This file describes the utility programs contained in the WinDriver/util
directory.

The source code for all utilities is available in the samples/ directory.


  pci_scan
  --------
    - Description:
      A utility for scanning the PCI bus for the installed PCI cards and
      displaying the resources of the detected cards.

    - Availability: All platforms.


  pci_dump
  --------
    - Description:
      A utility for getting a dump of all the PCI configuration registers
      of the installed PCI cards.

    - Availability: All platforms.


  pci_diag
  --------
    - Description:
      A utility that demonstrates communication with PCI cards using
      WinDriver's API, including access to memory and I/O addresses on the
      card, access to the PCI configuration space, interrupt handling, etc.
      The sample also demonstrates communication with a Kernel PlugIn driver
      (provided the sample KP_PCI driver is installed).
      For more information regarding this sample, refer to the
      WinDriver/samples/pci_diag/readme.txt file.

    - Availability: All platforms.


  usb_diag
  --------
    - Description:
      A utility that demonstrates communication with USB devices using
      WinDriver's APIs. The utility identifies all connected USB devices
      (on Windows - identifies all devices that
      have been registered with WinDriver via an INF file) and enables you
      to view the devices' resources. The utility also allows you to
      communicate with the identified USB devices - transfer data to/from
      the device, set the active alternate setting, reset pipes, etc.

    - Availability: All platforms.


  wddebug
  -------
    - Description:
      A console-mode (CUI) utility that enables you to view debug messages
      sent from the WinDriver kernel or from your own application, and enables
      you to set the debug mode On or Off.
      When in debug mode, every I/O and memory transfer command is checked,
      making sure they fit in with the card's registered resources.
      If an illegal command is given, WinDriver will ignore the command
      and show a warning message on the debug console.

      Note: Debug mode slows down transfer operations, therefore it should
      be used only in the development process. Running this command without
      the "on" / "off" parameter will print the version of the installed
      WinDriver kernel module and OS information.

    - Availability: All platforms.


  wddebug_gui
  -----------
    - Description:
      A Graphical User Interface (GUI) version of the of WDDEBUG utility,
      described above.

    - Availability: All platforms (Except for Linux ARM).


  wdreg
  -----
    - Description:
      A utility for dynamically loading and unloading drivers.

      On Windows and Linux you can use this utility to dynamically load and
      unload the WinDriver kernel module (Windows: windrvr1511.sys,
      installed via windrvr1511.inf; Linux: windrvr1511.o/.ko) as
      well as Kernel PlugIn drivers you create.

      On Windows the sample can also be used to install
      device-INF files, thereby replacing the slower manual installation
      process using Windows' Device Manager (which can still be used).

      For Windows, this utility is provided in 3 forms:
      WDREG and WDREG_GUI. Both versions can be run from the command line
      and provide the same essential functionality. The difference is that
      WDREG_GUI displays installation messages graphically, while WDREG
      displays console messages.
      WDREG_FRONTEND is a GUI based application that provides a full frontend
      for the WDREG utility. It must be run as administrator.

      For a detailed explanation regarding this utility and its usage, refer
      to the WinDriver User's Manuals (available from the docs/ directory).

    - Availability: Windows, Linux.

